chore(curriculum): add colored markers to new cert (#56718)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-colored-markers/61696ef7ac756c829f9e4048.md

---
id: 61696ef7ac756c829f9e4048
title: Step 2
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> In this project you'll work with an external CSS file to style the page. We've already created a `styles.css` file for you. But before you can use it, you'll need to link it to the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project you'll work with an external CSS file to style the page. A `styles.css` file has been already created for you. But before you can use it, you'll need to link it to the page.
```
